Qui ck Reference Card
Setup
•
2 players: 
◦43 terrain tiles (42 left in box)
◦10 animals of each type*
•
3 players: 
◦63 terrain tiles (22 left in box)
◦15 animals of each type*
•
4 players: 
◦83 terrain tiles (2 left in box)
◦20 animals of each type
(* In original rules: always keep all animals)
Player Turn
•
If all 4 animals are the same, replace all.
•
If 3 animals are same, optionally replace 
those, once per turn.
•
Spend as many nature tokens as you wish:
◦1 token to replace any number of animals.
◦1 token to take any terrain + any animal.
•
Otherwise, take a set of terrain – animal.
•
Place terrain anywhere in your environment.
•
Place animal on any matching terrain.
•
Gain nature token for animal on keystone 
tile.
End Game Scoring
•
Score points according to animal cards
•
1 pt/tile in largest group of each terrain type
•
Majority score for largest habitat per terrain
◦2 players: 2 pts for largest, 1 pt for ties
◦3 to 4 players:
▪3 pts for largest, 1 pt for 2nd place
▪2 pts each if 2 players tie for largest, 
0 pts for 2nd place
▪1 pt each if 3-4 players tie for largest, 
0 pts for 2nd place
▪0 pts for ties for second place
•
1 to 4 players: 1 pt per nature token
•
2 to 4 players: tie breaker: most nature tokens
Final Scoring Card
Mountain
Wetland
River
Prairie
Forest
Bear
Hawk
Fox
Salmon
Elk

BEARS score for creating groups of bears of various sizes. In each case, bear groups may be in 
any shape or orientation, but two groups may not be placed next to one another. Each group 
must contain the exact number of bears shown on the scoring card, in order to score. 
Card clarific ations: (A) Score an increasing number of points, based on the total number of pairs 
of bears. (B) Score 10 points for each group of exactly three bears. (C) Score for each group of 
bears 1-3 in size, and awards a bonus of 3 points for having at least one of each of the 3 group 
sizes. (D) Score for each group of bears 2-4 in size.
ELK score for creating groups of elk. Most elk cards require the groups to be in the exact 
shape/formation pictured on the card. Unlike bears, elk groups may be placed next to one 
another, but each elk may only score once, for a single group/formation. When scoring elk 
groups that are connected, always score the groups based on the interpretation that would result 
in the largest number of points. Card clarific ations: (A) Score for groups in straight lines. 
Straight lines, as pictured, must be connected from fla t side to fla t side of the hexagons, in any 
orientation. (B) Score for groups in the exact shapes shown, in any orientation. (C) Score for 
each contiguous group of elk, an increasing number of points, based on size. The se groups may 
be of any shape or size. (D) Groups must be in a circular formation, as pictured
SALMON score for creating runs of salmon. A run is defin ed as a group of adjacent salmon, 
where each salmon is adjacent to no more than two other salmon. (Note: Thi s means that a 
group of 3 salmon in a triangle shape may count as a run, but no other salmon may be atta ched 
to this run). Each run of salmon may not have any other salmon adjacent to it. 
Card clarific ations: (A) Score for each run, based on size, up to a maximum size of 7. (B) Score 
for each run, based on size, up to a maximum size of 5. (C) Score for each run, based on size, 
between 3 and 5. (D) Score for each run of salmon, one point for each salmon in the run, plus 
one point for each adjacent animal token (type of animal does not matte r).
HAWKS score for spreading out over the landscape. Hawks can score for either each hawk, each 
pair of hawks, or for lines of sight between hawks. A line of sight is a straight line from fla t side 
to fla t side of the hexagons, as pictured. A line of sight is only interrupted by the presence of 
another hawk (therefore, line of sight may not cross from one hawk to another, through a 
hawk). Card clarific ations: (A) Score an increasing number of points for each hawk that is not 
adjacent to any other hawk. (B) Score an increasing number of points for each hawk that is not 
adjacent to any other hawk, and also has a direct line of sight to another hawk. (C) Score 3 
points for each line of sight between two hawks. (Note: multiple lines of sight may involve the 
same hawk). (D) Score for each pair of hawks, an increasing number of points based on the 
number of unique animal types between them (not including other hawks). Each hawk may only 
be part of one pair.
FOXES score for adjacency to other animals. Foxes score either individually or in pairs, and 
each fox or fox pair is independently scored, with an increasing number of points, depending on 
whether conditions are met in any of the adjacent habitat spaces (6 in the case of a single fox, 8 
in the case of a fox pair in Card D). 
Card clarific ations: (A) Score for each fox, an increasing number of points based on the number 
of unique animal types (including other foxes) directly adjacent to it. (B) Score for each fox, an 
increasing number of points based on the number of unique animal pairs (not including other 
fox pairs) directly adjacent to it. As pictured, pairs of other animals do not need to be adjacent 
to each other. (C) Score for each fox, an increasing number of points based on the number of 
similar animals (not including other foxes) directly adjacent to it. Only score the most abundant 
adjacent animal type. (D) Score for each fox pair, an increasing number of points based on the 
number of unique animal pairs (not including other fox pairs) directly adjacent to it. As 
pictured, pairs of other animals do not need to be adjacent to each other

